DOC: move custom event deserialization to deserialization docs (#92)
arcus-azure/arcus.eventgrid: docs/features/deserializing-events.md

---

## Deserializing Events

We provide support for deserializing events to typed event objects where the custom event payload is available via the `.GetPayload()` method.

> The original event payload can also be accessed via the `.Data` property.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
If you want to have the original raw JSON event payload, you can get it via the `.Data` property.
```

Author: That's done also.

Reviewer: Resolving as it's included.

```csharp
// Parse from your custom event implementation with the `.Parse<>` function.
EventGridBatch<NewCarRegistered> eventGridBatch = EventGridParser.Parse<NewCarRegistered>(rawEvent);

// The event data type will be wrapped inside an `EventGridEvent<>` instance.
NewCarRegistered eventGridMessage = eventGridBatch.Events.First();

// The original event payload can now be accessed.
CarEventData typedEventPayload = eventGridMessage.GetPayload();
object untypedEventPaylaod = eventGridMessage.Data;
```

> Or from event data type objects where the event data payload is available via the `.GetPayload()` method.

Reviewer: I would highlight here that this can be used to retrieve built-in types for Azure services to make it more explicit or am I wrong?

Author: Yes, that would be good.

Author: Ah, this is already done.

Reviewer: Not sure what you are referring to, the sample or?

I would also provide insights in it in the text

Author: No, in the description text there's already mentioning about the Azure SDK event types and that we support this.

Reviewer: Ah now I see it, sorry about that!

> The original event payload can also be accessed via the `.Data` property.

Reviewer: Duplicate of above?

Author: Already done

> ```csharp

Reviewer: Given only the first line is different we might want to ditch the rest of the sample as it's less relevant?

Author: Yeah, ok.

Author: Hmm, not sure if I agree, it helps with describing the `.GetPayload()` method. Removing these would make it IMO so stripped that I wouldn't be sure about what this doc file should talk about.

Reviewer: I would only do it for the bottom sample given it's 99% copy and only increases maintainability but ok

Author: Yep. Done.

---

## Deserializing Events

We provide support for deserializing events to typed event objects where the custom event payload is available via the `.GetPayload()` method.

> If you want to have the original raw JSON event payload, you can get it via the `.Data` property.

Reviewer: Maybe a new line before this line would be good to break the paragraph?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4345663/65765506-b437ad80-e128-11e9-907f-bd450bc14150.png)

Just a suggestion!

Author: Yep.

Reviewer: This is done, thanks!

```csharp
// Parse from your custom event implementation with the `.Parse<>` function.
EventGridBatch<NewCarRegistered> eventGridBatch = EventGridParser.Parse<NewCarRegistered>(rawEvent);

// The event data type will be wrapped inside an `EventGridEvent<>` instance.
NewCarRegistered eventGridMessage = eventGridBatch.Events.First();

// The original event payload can now be accessed.
CarEventData typedEventPayload = eventGridMessage.GetPayload();
object untypedEventPaylaod = eventGridMessage.Data;
```

Or from event data type objects where the event data payload is available via the `.GetPayload()` method.

> The `.ParseFromData<>` function is especially useful when using directly the Azure services built-in types as shown in the example:

Reviewer: Same here, newline for the rendering?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4345663/65765526-cca7c800-e128-11e9-8d28-5c4e3fc90f4d.png)

Reviewer: This is done, thanks!

> The `.ParseFromData<>` function is especially useful when using directly the Azure services built-in types as shown in the example:

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion

When using official Azure events, you can use `.ParseFromData<>` to deserialize them based on the built-in types as shown in the example:
```

Just a suggestion.
